New rule for complex expression (#680)
cqfn/diKTat: info/available-rules.md

|    3  |     3.5.1  |  LONG_LINE                                |  Check: warns if length doesn't exceed the specified length                                                                                                                    |  no   |  lineLength                 |  handle json method in KDoc                                                            |
|    3  |     3.6.2  |  REDUNDANT_SEMICOLON                      |  Check: warns if semicolons are used at the end of line.<br>Fix: removes semicolon.                                                                                            |  yes  |  no  |                                                                                      - |
|    3  |     3.6.2  |  WRONG_NEWLINES                           |  Check: warns if line breaks do not follow code style guid.<br>Fix: fixes incorrect line breaks.                                                                               |  yes  |  no  |                                                                                      - |

> |    3  |     3.6.2  |  COMPLEX_EXPRESSION                       |  Check: warns if long dot expression using in condition or as arguments                                                                                                        |  no   |  no  | - |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|    3  |     3.6.2  |  COMPLEX_EXPRESSION                       |  Check: warns if a long dot qualified expression is used in condition or as an argument                                                                                                         |  no   |  no  | - |
```
